more updates to the dev tools and more sections (#17)
evmos/docs: docs/develop/mainnet/auditing.md

> # Security Audits

Reviewer: Consider moving this to testnet, as audits should be performed before moving to mainnet

Author: moved

> Security audit is a comprehensive evaluation of the security and stability of a smart contract or decentralized application (dApp) built on the EVM chains. The purpose of this audit is to identify potential vulnerabilities and weaknesses in the code that could compromise the integrity of the dApp, as well as to ensure that the code is robust and free of bugs that could lead to unintended consequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security audit is a comprehensive evaluation of the security and stability of a smart contract or decentralized application (dApp) built on Evmos. The purpose of this audit is to identify potential vulnerabilities and weaknesses in the code that could compromise the integrity of the dApp, as well as to ensure that the code is robust and free of bugs that could lead to unintended consequences.
```
